Today Mr. George's super member arrived at the hotel
What about super members?
I'll receive it right away
You hurry up and inform Mr. George
Go now
Sit down everyone
As expected of the style of the Muni Hotel
This environment is really nice.
Hey, some poor guy
Today is for you to learn more
If you walk out this door
You are probably not qualified to sit in it again in your life
Students, stay safe.
Mr. Wang
Teacher Wang is here, Teacher Wang, sit down, sit down
Teacher Wang, sit here
Everyone sit down, sit down, hahaha.
Oops, haven't seen you in so many years?
You've all grown up, hahaha.
Do you still remember me?
That year's exam, I took the second to last in our class
You are this hi
That year?
I sent you a Kunlun jade ornament, ha.
Ha Yiyang hahaha
Mr. Wang
I gave away an SUV with a few knives.
Lin Beng
Miss Wang has a good memory.
But yeah
I call configuration now
Ah.
Configuration oops
Good name, good name, haha.
Thanks to a good student like you.
Can we eat in such a luxurious hotel?
Ah yeah hahaha
Teacher Wang has flattered you.
These are all taught by you.
But the environment here compared to what I had abroad
It's really a little worse
So, I can only aggrieve you first, oops.
Do you feel promising?
A few days gone
It's okay to become so ugly
After all, aren't you also from the building?
This classmate is Mr. Wang
His name is Shen Yan
He is a courier now.
Now.
But the one who is the worst in our class
Haha.
I remember now.
It turned out to be this useless thing
Back then, the class said you wouldn't come
Shenyang, look at you now
Our class is now worth over 100 million people
You poor loser
What qualifications do you have with me?
We've had enough to eat together
You guys are going too far.
Let's go, let's not eat